### To do:
- Figure out Minimal Viable Product version
- Break project down into subprojects:
  - Webapp w/ Python? 
    - Upload Audio file and spit out bytes of file. 

### To Read:
[Python Import Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/import.html#regular-packages)

### Thoughts:
Yesterday Gaz and Chris encouraged me to figure out a way to get around adding `__init__.py` to each file directory. Then I realized I'm not totally sure (or atleast could not confidently explain) what this file is for. [Per stack overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/448271/what-is-init-py-for)

> Python defines two types of packages, regular packages and namespace packages. Regular packages are traditional packages as they existed in Python 3.2 and earlier. A regular package is typically implemented as a directory containing an __init__.py file. When a regular package is imported, this __init__.py file is implicitly executed, and the objects it defines are bound to names in the package’s namespace. The __init__.py file can contain the same Python code that any other module can contain, and Python will add some additional attributes to the module when it is imported.

### Meeting notes:
I had a quick meeting with Gaz. Resolved some of the issue by runnning `python sed_train.py --config "config_params.example_config"` from the src folder. We then needed to install `torchvision`...then after running the sed_train command again we butt into this error:
```
  File "/Users/ada/Desktop/Developer/projects/kaggle-birdsong-recognition/venv/lib/python3.9/site-packages/librosa/util/decorators.py", line 9, in <module>
    from numba.decorators import jit as optional_jit
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'numba.decorators'
```
Gaz said he would spend sometime trying to see if he could get past this error. 

