
### To do:
- Follow up w/repo creator to see what he suggests?
### To Read:
[Kaggle soluton based on](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10211)
[Introduction to Sound Event Detection](https://www.kaggle.com/hidehisaarai1213/introduction-to-sound-event-detection)

### Thoughts:
I made essentially no progress in about a week. I was thrown off my groove by having to come to Milwaukee last minute and struggling to understand the I/O knapsack problem...then we got a 48 hour project thrown at us! Lots of things to do! I need to make some concrete goals for myself to make process, otherwise I'll keep putting it off. 

I tried to get the training program to run while with Gaz and we ran into an issue of the program not seeing the modules in the program. He suggested I try running it as a Jupyter notebook, which I was unable to figure out on my own. 

I booked some time with Chris McAnally to try to troubleshoot.
- We ran the shell script! I didn't know what `. startup.sh` was, but Chris reminded me this was a shell cript. Inside the script were some commands to install necessary packages. I'm fairly certain I had everything I needed but this was a good double check. 
  - `chmod +x ./startup.sh` -> Tells terminal we will run the following file as a shell script. 
  - `./startup.sh` ran this command next -- there is a typo in the repo's instructions.
    - `/` = root directory
    - `./` = current working directory
    - `../` = parent directory 
- `python sed_train.py --config "config_params.example_config"` yielded the same error. 
    - Tried to solve with __init__.py in package folders
    - Is there a way to work around this?
  - Then we ran into a syntax error...
    - maybe requirements depend on older python version
    - pytorch-ignite==0.4.0.post1 what version of python? 
    - Maybe 2.7?




