

## Idea
Re-create BirdNET: https://birdnet.cornell.edu/

## Why?
I want to understand Machine Learning! ML/AI is the future of tech, and it seems like a black box to me. I like the concept of trying to identify things in nature by their sound as well.

## Recources
Birdcall data resource: https://www.kaggle.com/c/birdsong-recognition/overview
Winning model: https://github.com/ryanwongsa/kaggle-birdsong-recognition

## Notes
- Dataset used to train = build model from dataset, introduce variations —> make educated guessed based on that data. 
    - Way they save data to make inference/prediction paths can be difference 
- This outputs a model. 
- ML run time => runs the model (inference path) => 

Inference transform data to something that the model can ingest. 

Api would need to do inference

Use kaggle-birdsong-recognition 
    - Put data in this thing 
    - Run program to ingest data and produce a trained model 
    - Then follow inference

How to host API on a cloud service?
    - AWS? Heroku?’

How do you capture an audiophile on the computer and return something? 
- Permissions on a computer?
- Maybe trying this w/ a file first?
- Spits out the size. 
- Limits for recording size? 
- Does the audio need to be in a specific format.

Break the project into small pieces which solve an unknown and the output resembles the pieces of the final milestone. 


Clipping recording would live on the local part? So maybe use a sound editing library. 

Do the work where the data is!

- ML Python thing - PYTORCH
- Kaggle Kernel?

Client side recording part 
 

How do I integrate a new lang? 
- how to record? Maybe this part could be in TypeScript?

Looks of app? 
- 

Is capstone a group project??? 
- A very breakable project. 

Checkout Google ML course. 
- 
- 

