### To do:
- Figure out Minimal Viable Product version
- Break project down into subprojects:
  - Webapp w/ Python? 
    - Upload Audio file and spit out bytes of file. 
  
### To Read:
[Python Import Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/import.html#regular-packages)
[Kaggle soluton based on](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10211)
[Introduction to Sound Event Detection](https://www.kaggle.com/hidehisaarai1213/introduction-to-sound-event-detection)

### Thoughts:
I struggled most of yesterday to figure out how to get pyenv working on my computer. I followed [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60244383/how-can-i-create-a-virtual-environment-with-virtualenv-for-python-3-7-without-ha) but kept butting into a locking issue.

Gaz sent me this step-by-step:
1. git clone https://github.com/ryanwongsa/kaggle-birdsong-recognition.git
2. pyenv shell 3.7.10 (you may need to do pyenv install 3.7.10 first)
3. python --version (verify that this prints python 3.7)
4. python -m venv .venv (create a virtual environment in the .venv folder)
5. source .venv/bin/activate (activate that environment - your shell should have a (.venv) prefix now)
6. chmod +x startup.sh (make the startup script executable)
7. ./startup.sh (run it!)

At step 2 I experienced an issue with shell integration not being enabled. I looked into the [read me](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv/blob/master/README.md) and then reached out to people on slack to get some support. 

Ansel said: 
> It's quite possible to not have a `.zprofile` if you haven't needed one yet. You probably have `.zshrc`  in that case. Either file would be in your home directory.
The command they gave you in the instructions
`echo 'eval "$(pyenv init --path)"' >> ~/.zprofile`
Should work fine, and will create the `.zprofile` file in your home directory (~).
If you'd rather add the modification in your `.zshrc` then you can simply change the redirect (>>) target.
`echo 'eval "$(pyenv init --path)"' >> ~/.zshrc`
The files are processed at slightly different times, but there shouldn't be any noticeable difference.

I ended up getting the shell enabled by adding all of those commands to the appropriate files, then I was able to enable the shell integration, download the appropriate version of python (3.7.10) AND run the start up script.

Once I ran `python sed_train.py --config "config_params.example_config"` I got the error: `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'torch'`. 

Gaz said previously this could be remedied with `pip install numba==0.48`. I successfully installed that -- previously it would complain about the llvmlite version. Then when I tried to run the config command the app complained about not finding torch ... `pip list` revealed that everything in the requirements.txt file was not installed. I then ran `pip install -r requirements.txt`. 

Again, I got an error about torchvision not being found. On a leap of faith, I did `pip install torchvision`. 

I was nervous I needed a specific version...when I ran `python sed_train.py --config "config_params.example_config"` I got: 
```
  File "/Users/ada/Desktop/Developer/projects/kaggle-birdsong-recognition/.venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/audiomentations/augmentations/transforms.py", line 439, in __init__
    assert len(self.sound_file_paths) > 0
AssertionError
```

IT WORKED~!


### Meeting notes:

