**July 9th**

### To do:
- Understand what is base 64 decoding??
- Make a simple web app and get web cam access to work.
### To Read:
- [Lobe web-cam-bootstrap](https://github.com/lobe/web-bootstrap)
- [React webcam](https://github.com/mozmorris/react-webcam)
- [base64](https://base64.guru/converter/encode/image)

### Thoughts:


### Meeting notes:
Image needs to become a base 64
- Why?
- Form data vs Base 64
  - Whats the difference? 
  - So maybe try to figure this out with webcam?
    - Images will be captrued in somescript, porb JS binary, then capture and send to flask. Then choose to convert to 64 or something else?
  - How to consume webcam data?
  - Whatever format that gives you, pass to TF backing.
  - Bytestream? 
  - If live update -- you need a rate limit. 
  - The 'passing' of an image is expensive.
    - Wait for response before sending a new prediction
    - async request
- Image upload = form data. Binary. Would not need base 64 conversion.
- If from webcam, MIGHT need a base 64 conversion. 
- Try to make a local version to capture things from your webcam and print how big image captured was and then give that to flask server.
- Client framework? 
  - webcam capturing hapens on client window/browser window.
  - This could be in plain JS/React. 
  - This get download, which renders thing, receives data from local webcam, then gives back to client with precdiciton and renders the result. 
  - [This is a separate thing](https://github.com/lobe/web-bootstrap). A tensorFlow JS model thing which will run in your browser, so you will not need the flask server to run in your browser.
  - So you can have a web bootstrap which captures images and sends to server or you can have things packages together on and rendering on the clientside: capture image and run the inference/prediction locally(which is less accurate because image is compressed).  
    - If you do it all on the client, its not necessarily full stack.
      - w/bootstrap. 
- Might be more interesting to use the react webcam component because it might be closer to a normal full stack development experience.