**June 30th 2021**

### To do:
- Figure out how to get this kaggle model to generate!
  
### To Read:


### Thoughts:
- Followed up on github with creator to let him know how I got the set up working on my machine. 
- Put dataset inside of /data folder and still running into issues.
- unclear to me how many files/structure of code for the [models](https://www.kaggle.com/taggatle/cornell-birdcall-identification-1st-place-solution/output#2.-Models). 
- There seems to be an issue with something in one of the dependencies. I'm running into this error:
```
    File "/Users/ada/Desktop/Developer/projects/kaggle-birdsong-recognition/.venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/audiomentations/augmentations/transforms.py", line 439, in __init__
    assert len(self.sound_file_paths) > 0
```

### Meeting notes:
https://www.kaggle.com/taggatle/cornell-birdcall-identification-1st-place-solutionC
Copy and paste into inference.py and modify paths. 
Take model downloads and put into appropriate folder. See 'Model Parameters'.
Revisit training the model later on once you can get this running with one model

----
**July 7th 2021**

### Thoughts:
Break the project into small pieces which solve an unknown and the output resembles the pieces of the final milestone...
- Try to get BirdNet running on my machine: https://github.com/kahst/BirdNET
  - I posted on Reddit and someone pointed out there it doesn't say the model I'm looking at was used in the final project. They are absolutely correct. They suggested I tried getting Cornell's app running on my machine.
  - I got it to run but the output is confusing. It gives me a species number without a percentage. I have no idea how to figure out which species 987 is? Even by searching through my file system, there isn't a clear place (searched: robin, sparrow. 987, no clear key value pair area.)

Big questions/to-dos
- Get Model to consume dataset and give prediction
- How can you access ML model with API?
- Create API to call model with information.
- How can you upload sound file to application
- Create basic application version that consumes a sound file and spits out file size.
  - Example flask site that consumes an image: https://www.reddit.com/r/madeinpython/comments/jowzpt/first_flask_site_this_local_site_uses_a_pil/
- Get application to pass sound file to API to model and return a prediction.

I'm feeling lost in the weeds with this project. Every twist and turn I'm fighting something about other people's code. I think I need to reduce the amount of complexity because it is Thursday, nearing the end of break week, and I want to get something started for my capstone. I need to balance that and study for interviews.

### Next Steps
I think I will move forward with this idea: A House Plant Identification Application.

I want to use lobe.ai to build a model. It has some pre-set things that will make building the model from scratch and calling it through an API relatively easy (i think). I will build a web-app that is mobile friendly with React and then build a mobile app if time permits. 


### To do:
- Train Lobe model with dataset
- Build rudimentary web app to call model
- Pass file to model
  - What is the expected return? 
    - Common name and scientific name
- Depending on what is returned, display information about the houseplant

### To Read:
- How to use Lobe.ai
- How to build mobile applications?
